Fix localization.md since kubernetes-basics is now a directory (#45884)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/localization.md

Translated documents must reside in their own `content/**/` subdirectory, but otherwise, follow the
same URL path as the English source. For example, to prepare the
[Kubernetes Basics](/docs/tutorials/kubernetes-basics/) tutorial for translation into German,

> create a subfolder under the `content/de/` folder and copy the English source or directory:

Reviewer: nit: for consistency;

```suggestion
create a subdirectory under the `content/de/` directory and copy the English source or directory:
```
